hi I'm Jessica Szohr tobit raphael hi
I'm teaser car hey Josh Brener and we
are here with movieclipstrailers and we
have been asked to play again movie
charades so on so you have a particular
strategy you're gonna go for on this um
just brute force I think we're all about
your strength and taking our prisoners I
don't know I'm really nervous I'm
stressing out are you stressing out yeah
edit Avant to win so hi everyone
everyone ready yeah okay I'm gonna pick
a piece of paper then on the stop
talking but don't freak out nothing
wrong with the other way and for my boy
swords No hi
three words everywhere laughing dog down
frog call baby yeah um Marley and Me
join my club enjoy I'm sure it's Marley
I'm singing with Josh on this one
fantastic mr. Fox
Oh greatest strength I am new here
doesn't oh this is only doing theaters
all right take over heaven
space dream house up for more high knees
are cool instrument
harry potter and the sorcerer's naked
eye on a philosopher's stone I'm out of
the Chamber of Secrets here yeah
okay watch girls do ya my dreams Lincoln
a diary of a history of violence that's
Tom oh my gosh all right I'm about the
past what was it the omen anyone what
would you have done
I mean I probably all right don't give
up that easily but I got the courage of
the grave part to lesson taste of priest
ah was one of my own issues that was
really doing is hired by my dad's boss
okay Dan an embattled mammy I played
along in retrospect yeah it's like in
context no interstate three beers
zombie nine Don of the Dead okay right
on the Kenneth Bobby land
yeah all right okay game 300 an operator
dial dial and from vampire Oh
two fingers counting ten times are
contagious
Oh 13 12 monkeys oh it's like a barnacle
flying the rocking chair Oh sort of
really like oh yours first
ah outside but that's a name God
firefighting is a badass nasty race
third third word tear
I read read write talk anyways product
my enzyme obstruction P things five Easy
Pieces 500 words second silence a little
a second word writing writing but okay
no plan has quit crazy shutting down
just are crawling on facto in the camera
you're doing this act out it was
Minority Report see what she's so good
we're words all right ready
prepare my dreams run away run wait you
measured right
thanks for watching you guys be sure to
see the internship June 7th
you